AB#1059 Add roles / permissions (#60)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/workflows/define-manifest.md

* Inject a symmetric key in hex format: `{{ hex .Secrets.secret_aes_key }}`

## Manifest:Users

> The optional entry `Users` defines user credentials and role-bindings for authentication and access control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional entry `Users` defines user credentials and role bindings for authentication and access control.
```

awk 'NF {sub(/\r/, ""); printf "%s\\n",$0;}' public_key.pem
```

## Manifest:Roles

> The entry Roles defines roles which can be given to entities of Marblerun.
> Each role defines a `ResourceType` (one of `Packages` or `Secrets`), a list of `ResourceNames` of that type, and a list of `Actions` that role permitts on the listed resources. \
> Valid `Actions` are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marblerun supports Role-based access control (RBAC).
An RBAC Role contains rules that represent a set of permissions for the Marblerun entities `Users` and `Marbles`. Permissions are purely additive (there are no "deny" rules).
Each role defines a `ResourceType` (one of `Packages` or `Secrets`), a list of `ResourceNames` of that type, and a list of `Actions` that role permits on the listed resources. \
Valid `Actions` are:
```

* For `"ResourceType": "Secrets"`: `ReadSecret` and `WriteSecret`, allowing reading and writing a secret respectively
* For `"ResourceType": "Packages"`: `UpdateSecurityVersion`, allowing to update the `SecurityVersion` of a given package

```javascript
{
    //...
    "Roles": {
        "update_frontend": {
            "ResourceType": "Packages",
            "ResourceNames": ["frontend"],
            "Actions": ["UpdateSecurityVersion"]
        },
        "update_backend": {
            "ResourceType": "Packages",
            "ResourceNames": ["backend"],
            "Actions": ["UpdateSecurityVersion"]
        },
        "secret_manager": {
            "ResourceType": "Secrets",
            "ResourceNames": [
                "secret_key_unset",
                "generic_secret"
            ],
            "Actions": [
                "ReadSecret",
                "WriteSecret"
            ]
        }
    }
    //...
}
```
{{<note>}}

> Manifest updates will only be possible if you created a role allowing updates to the neccessary packages, and provided at least one user with said role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment updates will only be possible if you create a role with permissions to update the particular packages and bind a user to that role.
```
